---
title: "NorthernBUG 15"
author: "Andrew Mason"
date: "23 January 2026"
layout: meeting
institute: University of York
postcode: YO1 9QN
address: The Guildhall, Coney Street, York 
permalink: northernbug15
---

# General

The organising committee for NorthernBUG15 is: Andrew Mason, Marcello Beltrami, Sally James and Alastair Droop. Emails should be directed to Andrew at andrew.mason@york.ac.uk

The meeting will take place on 23rd January 2026 in **The Guildhall in York**. The building is located within a 10 min walk from York railway station (saving you a long walk or bus to the actual university campus).

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d586.8594108245064!2d-1.0867811620764902!3d53.959495698975765!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x487931a86ff38add%3A0xe410dbffc3227b6d!2sThe%20Guildhall%20York!5e0!3m2!1sen!2suk!4v1688713310006!5m2!1sen!2suk" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

# Registration

Meeting registration is now open! [Please sign up with this google form](https://forms.gle/4vH38AG9SkaA78CDA)

Registration will close on 12th January 2026 so we can confirm final numbers with caterers.

This is a single registration form where you can also indicate if you want to be considered for a talk or poster presentation. If so, tick the relevant box and submit your abstract (title, authors, 250 words abstract) in the appropriate section. If you don't have one ready yet, leave this final box blank and we'll be in touch, or send it through before the 12th January registration deadline to Andrew at andrew.mason@york.ac.uk. 

Remember this is a user group meeting, so you are very much encouraged to bring work in progress, seemingly-unsolvable problems, or new ideas where you want a friendly and informed audience.

# Agenda

This is very much TBC - talks selected from submitted abstracts will be confirmed on 12th January 2026. We intend to have keynote speakers in the morning before lunch, and then have the user group in the afternoon.
Posters and talks will be judged by all attendees using Google Forms, with prizes awarded for the top scoring.

If you have a suggestion you'd like us (or organisers of the next meeting) to take on board, let us know!.

| Time          | Speaker | Presentation | Information |
|---------------|---------|--------------|-------------|
| 10:00-10:30 | Registration opens and Tea/coffee |  | Registration available all day|
| 10:30-10:35 | Andrew Mason | Opening remarks |  |
| 10.35-12:00 | TBC | Morning keynote(s) | |
| 12:00-13:00 | Lunch break with posters |  |  |
| 13:00-13:10 | Andrew Mason | Formal welcome to NorthernBUG15! |  |
| 13:10-14:15 | **Session 1 Talks** |  | |
| 14:15-14:40 | **Industry sponsor flash talks** |  |  |
| 14:40-15:40 | **Poster session break** | Coffee, posters, industry, networking | |
| 15:40-16:50 | **Session 2 Talks** |  |  |
| 16:50-17:00 | **Prizes and closing remarks** |  |  |
| 17:00- | **Pub** | TBC |  |


# What to expect

NorthernBUG meetings are open to anyone interested in bioinformatics or its application in life science research. Meetings are free, and lunch is provided!

These meetings focus on being a user group for the benefit of all. Talks and posters do not have to be a polished and complete body of work, but can be an opportunity to discuss your research with others experienced in the area. There is always a friendly atmosphere, with discussions around techniques, training and education, as well as broader applied research areas. 

We continue to be core supported by [The Genetics Society](https://genetics.org.uk/)!

# Feedback
We will open a feedback form at the close of the meeting which will remain open for 7 days.
All feedback is incredibly valuable for determining the direction of NorthernBUG, improving and keeping meetings relevant to members, and for sourcing future funding.

 
